1. First, initialize your location using the lidar-inertial odometry and GPS system. If your initial location is outside the plot bounds, calculate the shortest route to the operational area and move there.
2. Verify the "plot_bounds" variable and the constraint dictionary are loaded correctly into the system memory. The robot needs this information to perform the task.
3. Begin by scanning the surroundings using your RGB cameras. Identify any landmarks, especially the "conmods" that need to be avoided, and any areas that have been previously planted.
4. Start at the corner of the plot that is closest to your current position. This will be your initial planting point.
5. If the "seed" boolean from the constraint dictionary is true, prepare the seeding mechanism to start planting.
6. Plant the first seed at the initial planting point. Add the coordinates of this point to the list of planted locations in the system memory.
7. Following the 'grid' pattern specified in the constraint dictionary, calculate the next point for planting. This should be 1m away from the current position, the 'pattern_offset' specified in the dictionary.
8. Before moving to the next point, use the RGB camera to check for any obstructions along the path, especially any "conmods" or previously planted areas that should be avoided.
9. If the path is clear, proceed to the next point and plant the next seed.
10. If there is an obstruction, calculate an alternative route that bypasses the obstruction and leads to the next point, keeping within the plot bounds. Always choose the shortest possible route to minimize travel time.
11. Repeat steps 7 to 10 until the entire plot has been planted following the 'grid' pattern.
12. If there is a landmark in the 'goal_lms' which cannot be located in the immediate environment, notify the user by saying, "I can't find {landmark}, where should I look?" and await further instructions.
13. Once the entire plot has been planted, confirm completion of the task to the user.
14. Finally, save and upload the list of planted locations from the system memory for record-keeping and future reference.