1. Start the robot's initial localization using its lidar-inertial odometry and GPS systems. Capture an initial snapshot of the environment using the RGB cameras. 

2. If the robot's initial position is outside the plot bounds, use the navigation system to plan and execute the shortest path to move inside the plot bounds. 

3. Begin monitoring the robot's surroundings continuously using its RGB cameras. If an object matching the description of 'yellow and black striped tape' is detected, remove the corresponding vertex in the planner graph to avoid this object.

4. Start to execute the lawn-mower pattern drive. This involves moving in straight lines within the plot bounds, then turning 180 degrees at each edge of the plot to move in a parallel line, repeating this pattern until the entire plot is covered. This should be done while maintaining an even distance between each pass to ensure the 'evenly spaced' requirement is met.

5. At the first location in the lawn-mower pattern (i.e., each time the robot completes a full straight line pass), activate the planting system to plant a seed. Make sure that this action is performed while the robot is stationary to ensure accuracy.

6. After planting, store the location of the planted seed in the system memory. This will create a list of all planted locations that can be referred back to later if necessary.

7. Repeat steps 4 to 6 five more times to achieve a total of six planted locations evenly spaced over the plot. Ensure that the planting locations avoid any areas where 'yellow and black striped tape' has been detected.

8. After the sixth planting location has been reached and the seed has been planted, stop the lawn-mower pattern drive. 

9. Use the RGB cameras to capture a final snapshot of the environment and the six planted locations. 

10. Save this information and the list of planted locations in the system memory for future reference.

11. Finally, communicate to the user that the task has been successfully completed and provide a summary of the planted locations.